# Empirical-Investigation-EA-Maturity-and-Quality-of-IT-Investment-Decision-Outcomes
Companion repository for a study in which the relationship between Enterprise Architecture Maturity and the Quality of IT Investment Decision Outcomes was researched. This study is submitted to Information Systems Frontiers (October 2019).

The study was designed, developed, and reported by the following researchers: Martin van den Berg (De Nederlandsche Bank, Raymond Slot (Strategy Alliance), Marlies van Steenbergen (Hogeschool Utrecht), Peter Faasse (Datataska), Hans van Vliet (Vrije Universiteit).

According to literature, one of the benefits of enterprise architecture (EA) is improved decision-making. One of the decisions to which EA is intended to contribute is IT investment. However, there is no clear evidence of any relationship between EA, the quality of IT investment decisions, and the quality of the outcomes of these decisions. The objective of this research is to empirically study the relationship between the maturity of an EA practice, the quality of IT investment decisions, and the quality of the outcomes of IT investment decisions. A quantitative research approach was chosen, in which data were collected from a survey of 142 EA developers, users, and implementers. The main finding from this study is that the maturity of an EA practice (according to DyAMM, one of the models for measuring EA maturity) has a weak positive relationship with the quality of IT investment decision outcomes, where this relationship is almost perfectly mediated by the quality of IT investment decisions. Our study indicates that enterprise architects should focus on ways to improve the quality of IT investment decisions instead of the quality of the outcomes of these decisions. 
